feat(commit-context): Move suspect commits out of releases (#5639)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/enrich-data/index.mdx

Configuring the release version ID on the SDK will associate every error that happens in your application runtime with a specific release version of your code. This way, you know exactly when an error was introduced into your source code. It also unlocks these powerful features and workflows:

> 1. **Commit Tracking** - With a release in place, Sentry can track which commits were involved with a release and the autors that made them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Commit Tracking** - With a release in place, Sentry can track which commits were involved with a release and the authors who made them.
```
